Hello Mr. Shen
I'm a little low on cash lately
The 100 billion I lent you last time
Can you give me a few more months?
100 billion.
You can pay it back within half a year.
1,000 yuan will take half a year to pay back
Brother Mo is even more miserable than me
Brother Mo
I'll tell you the truth
I actually work for a design company.
Have a little money yourself
You can take this first and pay off the debt.
Then move in with me
Can you at least save some rent?
You are
You want to feed me?
Right.
So Brother Mo, you don't have to worry anymore
I raised you, but before I raised you
I have to go to work first
Mr. Shen, where did you get the money from?
My woman gave
1,000 yuan, she also said she wanted to support me
A thousand dollars is a lot.
Can't spend it at all
I can't spend it all
1,000 bucks.
The richest man in the world
Become so worthless
How attractive is this ginger paste?
Brother Jiang Lin is finally back
Our company has been acquired
There are new personnel changes today.
Hmm, enough.
Why is it enough?
Haicheng Su Family
Miss Susu Manager
Do you think the enemy's road is narrow?
This company is where I asked my dad to order
Where is the manager's office?
Xiao Li, I am now officially notifying you.
Don't get fired
Take your junk
Go to the girl next to the toilet
Why?
Just because I am now the chairperson of this company
Little bitch, don't smoke me
The waiter pretended to be your master's fault
We are all campuses
Today is your bag.
Dare to provoke the Su family
Let it be called Tiantian
The earth is not working
The Su family is not listening
Do I quit my job?
Resign, okay?
Say hello to companies in Quanhai City
You will be banned from the whole city